over there we are making the turn now
it's the Last House on the Left you guys
need the card today I was thinking we
could meet up with Paige for fun I'm
Paige this is Mary what do you feel like
doing tonight
I think Justin here could be kind of
cute evening you do not to bring anybody
back going on this is none of our
business
I'm sorry ladies oh my god we just can't
risk it
if you two lovely girls
like saw house back there it's about our
car trouble we're actually pretty lucky
today seeing your house only one problem
our tire won't have the car back
tomorrow morning you know you should
probably just sleep here tonight we have
a guest house can you tell us who did
this to you
what are we gonna do anything
you wanna hear what I did your dog
yes
I can't move you're paralyzed from the
neck down I didn't even rope
you